Docs: environment vars (#25)
Scalingo/scalingo-wordpress: README.md

In reverse, if you activate the already preinstalled S3 plugin you must specify these variables.

> By default, the default AWS endpoint (s3.amazonaws.com) will be used.

Reviewer: Don't use future tense in documentation

```suggestion
By default, the AWS endpoint (s3.amazonaws.com) is used.
```

> Be careful of that if you're using another provider.

Reviewer: nitpick: I don't see what information this sentence adds. This is already explained in the next section
```suggestion
```

> ### Use another S3 provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use Another Object Storage Provider
```

> If you want to use another provider than AWS for your S3 bucket.
> You may want to use the environment variable named `S3_UPLOADS_ENDPOINT` to specify your provider URL.

Reviewer: This is the same sentence.
```suggestion
If you want to use another provider than AWS for your S3 bucket,
you may want to use the environment variable named `S3_UPLOADS_ENDPOINT` to specify your provider URL.
```

Reviewer: You write "you may want to use...". But isn't it mandatory if one use a provider different than S3 to set the env variable `S3_UPLOADS_ENDPOINT`?

Example with Scaleway provider:
```
S3_UPLOADS_ENDPOINT=s3.fr-par.scw.cloud
```

### Override the Bucket URL

> If you want to specify the full URL of the bucket yourself or even specify a specific folder where your uploads will go.
> You may want to use the environment variable named `S3_UPLOADS_BUCKET_URL`.

Reviewer: Just like in French, this is the same sentence.

```suggestion
If you want to specify the full URL of the bucket yourself or even specify a specific folder where your uploads will go,
you may want to use the environment variable named `S3_UPLOADS_BUCKET_URL`.
```

Examples with Scaleway provider:
```
S3_UPLOADS_BUCKET_URL=your-bucket-name.s3.fr-par.scw.cloud
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Example to upload the files in a specific folder:
```
